[DOC] Added warning about quoting in `.env` file for Docker commands (#284)
neurobagel/api: README.md

export $(cat .env | xargs)  # export your .env file to expose your set port numbers to the -p flag of docker run
docker run -d --name=api -p ${NB_API_PORT_HOST}:${NB_API_PORT} --env-file=.env neurobagel/api
```

> > :warning: **IMPORTANT:** Do not wrap any space-separated values for variables in the `.env` file in quotation marks, as it may lead to issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :warning: **IMPORTANT:** If using the above command, do not wrap any values for variables in the `.env` file in quotation marks, as they will be interpreted literally and may lead to [issues](https://github.com/docker/for-linux/issues/1208).
```

export $(cat .env | xargs)  # export your .env file to expose your set port numbers to the -p flag of docker run
docker run -d --name=api -p ${NB_API_PORT_HOST}:${NB_API_PORT} --env-file=.env neurobagel/api
```

> > :warning: **IMPORTANT:** Do not wrap any space-separated values for variables in the `.env` file in quotation marks, as it may lead to issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :warning: **IMPORTANT:** If using the above command, do not wrap any values for variables in the `.env` file in quotation marks, as they will be interpreted literally and may lead to [issues](https://github.com/docker/for-linux/issues/1208).
```
